for the family how are you that they don't let me
make a coffee man you don't even let me
make a coffee or anything
well I don't know if they'll give me time to see it
all I wanted to see it from the coach
the coach hey
here since the
time to see it all because I have to
go in 40 minutes 45 minutes
but well more try that if Romina is
a huge hug a huge hug and
Romina thank you very much how are you how is she
and well I was making
a coffee and I say let's let's talk
today about the salsa of these people no
that there is a lot that he like
twitter
the dead
like the tweet of the weak
but prepare the coffee now he is
surprised well that we are demanding
like this we come Madrid believe thank you very much well
I am going to demand that you all
become members
calm down tranquilizers Clara mates I
open and this was okay let's see there are several
[Music]
believe me if I
heard about that for the first time
Nacho
comes from talking about his cousin
a little bit about Beatriz thank you very much
a little bit of  speed wow circular and
no
that's what I'm going to say
and thanks to and well here he is speaking
already the first one the first sentence we have
heard in my
video on the main channel you can't go
see it if you haven't seen it he is
talking about the subject that when he lets
go the thing that Ari hits him with his finger
no what he says that it was the first time
that they told him that it doesn't catch him by
surprise and of course something well what did
bother me well it didn't bother me but I did
find myself half half low well in the
middle half no that is not at your level
what
those who sent messages and said that
well I
love you but if you
look at it well basically it was like well of course he
told them that he was thanking them there
that he was thanking her for the videos
that he was making that he was
thanking her he walked away
totally sold area and
sold it completely
from that yes she appeared cold because mana in
front of everyone and if it continues that literally
literally your friends gave grace to
a person who was publicly burning themselves
as these guys say well
but I understand why it was done and go
in  the fact that the two of them were fighting, yes it
is true that both of them
here, the good thing and why
Bari is saved
is because she does talk to him about both of
her and Juan when they reconcile
and publicly acknowledge each other, they
publicly acknowledge having
turned green behind both the desire
recognizes them as they do in
fact the
pound said but but if he had an
idea because well, go for it because he
thought that they had skipped and the
zeros when I know that he took it out for that reason
when I went with Ar and with Juan with
levels of message from today in which he speaks
but it was not like that, veiled bag, he was
speaking for his own harvest,
the truth is, I wanted to talk to them and
see how Jennifer, let's
talk like adults that we are,
I have the qualification to tell them everything as is, all this
exists, this I am, I know,
this is why all this is, I apologize, wait,
an apology for this, I am this
and everything was said, everything was talked about and one of the
most important things that I told him
was there, I am sure
that he throws [ __ ] at you, I am absolutely sure
and if at some point
that [ __ ] comes out, it is left out by me or by another
person or  any other gossip or
gossip whatever I apologize
in advance but that's not going to happen anymore
exit
he did it too so he wants 6 ep
thank you very much and welcome if you have
a lot of [ __ ] said program and a half
chicken legs and buttocks
[Music]
they were insults that I could have said no
but
what I'm going to and I said mom and a half I said
[ __ ] and a half and I imagine that now
thank you very much welcome too and he
said exactly I continue too I'm
sure Juan does too although
well I see him a little more reserved and I
know which one is not so much of a
[ __ ] thrower go
in arguments the courage and maybe
possibly between compass or between
family I don't know
your husband
is necessary like I did as we already
said he chases he didn't remember or that I
said
to the day that he believes half of what he says I do
n't like him very much
why but he doesn't give me very good
vibes but from Columbia he blessed us
rules but it's never been years ago it
's not from now on I years ago many years I
also had my quarrel with him for
sure like
that
and
I believe that actually look  just like I
said I think that dallas I think was better
friends with juan than him I think in
reality aguiar and they are not friends with him at
heart at heart they are not friends I think I think
juan worked for
him that the blind in miniature I think he
started making the miniatures altet it was
not always said the miniatures or
editing them whatever and then
when juan hit the jackpot
when he was with ar and knockout and
also hit a little ball he continued
collaborating with him d I'm
going to start collaborating let's
see on the internet and on the internet friends friends
friends you can find
people who really respect you
okay you can find people who
really appreciate you I
appreciate several several colleagues
alex I don't think it's necessary to say
names but I appreciate having a
colleague several colleagues who I would
never disrespect
publicly no I would not tell I would not
betray publicly at least not
with bad intentions no
but the word friend host
hello friends someone who has known you since let's
go a friend to someone that a friend is
someone who notices things in your face
what  he gives you
cold breasts
which he said he would do, I mean Juan said
that they ask for euros, they are his closest friends,
I don't know the contact he has with the
outside world, for example, right now I have
contact with people from the internet
almost more than with many people in
real life, so the best thing could be that I
have two best friends and some
colleagues, but it could be that each best friend has
a friend or someone that he considers a
very good friend, a colleague, not from the internet, with
whom he has more of a relationship than people in
real life, so you can probably stop by
to see, it depends on something you have
in real life,
but a friend, a person, I don't know
exactly, friends, something else, something that has to go to
the
Buenos Aires City Police Cadet School. Enjoying
your live broadcast, we send you a big kiss,
Javier, thank you very much for not being on for a long
time, I have to go in
25 minutes,
for me a friend is something that has to be
cultivated more over time, that's what I'm
telling you, I mean, with a look of complicity you
understand, slight on the face, you see it coming
from afar, and what's happening to you, what's happening to you, these
are things that have to arise
organically over time, you know, here on the
internet, by  people you like better
people you like more of course
people you approach because
you really like them and you want to collaborate
with them because you really like them
ivey radio chemistry and people
you approach out of pure interest
thank you very much
we have already spoken with juan
specifically
because with this one a
lot of people think that we have a lot of
discomfort but we have not been
friends for five or six
years [ __ ] you know like I know her it's a
verb of time and
this one is not owned I know her a lot I have a
lot of appreciation I have a lot of affection and I have
gotten to be really
angry you also know that I have gotten to
be 25% angry because of moms and a half
internet
sparks fly
and I imagine that for a moment too but
since you know we spoke more or less
macro when was
the last time
but we can move it by throwing out the
main thing that was said is from that or from
the carte blanche from here on
behind the mom that I say that you say
or that something bothers you in the first
place and we solve it
why
because I think that is the main thing in
a friendship and I am not saying that juan and I
are the best friends from then
on it is not in  their thing well
nothing
but
what they wanted was to respect everything and
stop messing around but you don't have to
be at each other's throats with people I mean you don't have to be at each other's
throats with
people one thing is not being your friend no
one thing is not being your
real friend let's see the word friend dude
each of us has a different concept of
friendship I
mean each of us has a
totally different concept of friendship for me
a friend a friend is something more active
a friend gave me there are people on the internet
that I consider a friend good colleague
a good colleague I appreciate him I wouldn't
betray him I wouldn't hurt him master
thank you very much it
's things that I wouldn't do
anyone
for example telling something of what they
tell me privately well I think that
normally unless they do the first
half that came out after normal I would
n't do it
normally I wouldn't do it with anyone there are
people that I met a short time ago who have
told me strong things and I don't know it nobody has
told us anyone do you understand
more things
like that there are people that I really appreciate I do
n't think I need to say names there are no
people  that I have a lot of
affection for him, a lot of appreciation, and people with whom I have
been with for many years too, no man, there is
a close relationship, close, but you
can really call this friend, I do
n't know, a little, yes,
if it touches me,
hehe,
and she
started to cry,
the very,
very stupid girl as always, we are like
crocodiles, the
[ __ ] mother,
half crocodile says, Pau, thanks,
King,
avoid growing that the
reason why why he
hates me is because I talk to him, Cavani, Weiwei, you've
known him for a [ __ ] month because of
tortilla land, relax, I would do, I've talked
like this forever and
the worst has never been avoided, [ __ ]
of said medium / compassion because if we
get along, we started, do you
consider Dallas your friend,
man, yeah, let's see, let's see,
empire, country? Thank you very much,
separating what are friends in
real life or in internet life, well,
with him I have more of a relationship
since I talk more, maybe
lately less because I was with the
stadiums and he almost doesn't tell anyone, I
think, but man,
friends, a word is what I'm
saying, friends, friends, Agustn, thank you very much,
friend, it's a word, that's
a person that you see from afar, you already  you
know
and if you can
also make friendships online, man, if he's a
person who doesn't
give many thanks, he's a person I
really appreciate, he's a
person who always what
we've had a problem we've
understood talking with, he's a person with
whom we have a lot, I have a lot of
thoughts in common if he's a friend of
course he's a friend
but we meet in person so you
could be a friend
alarte it could also be a friend of
course it's different from friends in
real life
in real life I mean in person we
were going to see each other recently but in the end
what we had was cancelled and in the end we
saw each other but recently we were going to
see each other in person
nothing teachers tickets and if you
consider him a friend he
became a friend
listen what's the tailcoat xavi said he said we
can send him things
of course from the Caribbean get involved if you want and if you
consider him a friend man he's a
person I trust things more I
trust thing I would
n't betray him at least
consciously 0b and thank you very much
a person who takes value without
needing stress itself is not always
going to have it I when I have needed to
vent maybe many  Sometimes it
happened there too
if it's a mustache it's a friend
of the person today he is one of the
people with whom I have the most relationship
of the people with whom I have the most relationship
well many are from the internet to the
CNE
truth
for charisma also
many years ago
but for example juan guarnizo is not
my friend
now a full in my friend the south is a
friend t
no maybe with as much confidence maybe like
with dallara like we
connect more we have more ways of
thinking more similar no
but the south is a friend of a colleague
well it's also good
for example juan guarnizo man a
friend is a colleague a partner I like
the pressure you know but a friend we have
never told each other things well I like to
implement they
understand
more friend that line for example now yes he has
told me more things about himself
ar and houria thank you very much and that implies
telling his things and they talk more
with me and so on nothing also of course
yes of course without a doubt
for example biden has also told me
many things it's been a long time since I
spoke to him do that type of I don't have that
close a relationship with her before I
spoke more with her  but well I also
consider her a good colleague I
have a lot of appreciation for her yes she is
going to be your friend or alcitas ghosting
me too base ghosting the uam
in public is not like the one he says in
public no but in private and in public
no in public every moment I hear him
live that he is mentioning me he
tells me whatever the daughter of a [ __ ] [ __ ]
cell phone that I am asking you in favor of
three months ago you know guys do not
ask him more that you are making him uncomfortable it does
not affect you and it does not bother me I am
something I have is that I did not like anything if I did not like
someone poster I say it
if you ask me about some and I tell you
because you do not like me for example man
ladh like that of course of course
that does not mean that he is your friend it does not
mean that you are with him even if he is
a colleague good colleague it also does not
mean that you are with him
despite the regrets there will be things
that you do not agree on there will be things that we do
not have it is because of him there will be
things in which I think we already have a
lot of hair the balls you know if what
true that maybe I am in another
stage of  life and with a different mentality
because I'm going to be here for 40
years and he's 25 26 there are no ways of
seeing life it's different but it's
true that there are also many things in
common
there are many ways of thinking
conclusions and talks and topics you know in which
with the das and with dallas it seems
that we come from the same side
totally and what I like the most very much very
funny people you know always
have very good words for me is very
kind to me always
[Music] they
talk about that my friend was there in
things that I have missed it
is the last video of people for which I don't
see
anything not because I have anything against
going and nothing but that I don't
[Music]
she told me fat idiot idiot
I lady idiot it
's a friendship that has been very
low but it's
the truth
I would like only
that the strongest of thousand 853 because if
when it is a little more organized with
its times the others are already
costing you a video of asked what says
d
as a mother
content
this
naturally
because it
is difficult to
tell them the bingo challenge
when I had been planning for like a week
and a half
and  until that same Friday that we played
things that I told them if they were going to be there they say
that I didn't know it was tomorrow they
got their act together they were on
time as they should have been but the
[ __ ] are still disorganized and you know
with a person like me that if I am
organized in time or at least
if I put in a little
I don't know but I made friends of insults I don't
like it it's not that I don't mind
playing with my friends but there are things
that I don't know I don't know the aspirins or I mean he's
joking
because of that magnifying glass
man that Juan
[Music]
if he doesn't have to correct a little I
understand what you think I understand that not
everyone is going to answer but I
understand that they don't give their joke to just
anyone then one thing that the
media answers us Instagram but it is
supposed that WhatsApp is supposed to be
when you give WhatsApp to someone it is
so that they have more
direct contact with you where they can
locate you they understand because maybe
through Instagram why you are not going to
answer okay okay what happens to me is
with gloves of subject and message from many
people that I have without  answer him and they'll
give him for not answering because they will be
things one week or two weeks three
weeks and now for what river tits and
the issue will be seven weeks you know what
happens to me why because 20 people have written to me
imagine that today
15 people have spoken to me without exaggerating or on
whatsapp and I have cousins boy parents I have a
sister I have I have friends in the
league of real life I have the
colleagues from work I have imagine
how quietly 15 people have spoken to me
that day by quietly to the
friendly answer 5
and the other seven are better to us and
those we are going to see is that I understand it
also is that I understand here the
problem the problem is in priorities
the problem is that dallas has
considered that juan did not have the same
priority that at least dallas did not have to
him
and not
because of that juan continues working with nn
and also with manche for example he
is another [ __ ] crazy that according to what he has also
seen that he has been throwing lately
in tortilla for mom and a half
I will only be one more thing good
people
comanche whatever it is is a  dumb is
castros and dude sometimes I end up like
the son of a [ __ ] he's a good person
the son of a [ __ ]
is a good person
in this matter of I let him win and so
never
and yes
super racist and he says it so calmly it is to
operate without closing the calmly I
mean we are seeing how and why
and according to he got involved on purpose that the
tortilla to see with an egg he wanted to
do
another roll that
they were because
there yes that the corn eggs and they didn't
want that one is talking about something
manche no good we leave it here family
method that you are going to be family things
okay that short of direct God be
literal 36 minutes direct sustained more
time and video of each main of
direct then at night I have direct
too but I leave you direct of the
lordship today I think I don't know if I'm going to
change it depends on the topics that there are I don't know if I'm going to
change it for kids I do
n't know if I'm going to change it for the
kids
because I had a couple outside here
that comments
had a couple of ways
but a quote
hello javi in physics class well rap
attends the class by  Please I'm going to go over
here stores to class
Carmen not to rest believe me I
can't rest I don't have time for
that
but I don't know if it's going to replace us
guarantees anything after I review the topics
that are there when it's going to be a while
live today
because today I will do live for a while like
from 9 to 11 or something like that
tomorrow at 11
we are with Javier Negros in a state of
alarm okay
if anything else comes out of Team Dallas AR and
of course I will have to connect
immediately of course
welcome thank you very much
so I can't guarantee anything I don't know
if I will do live for the Lordship or what there is
of the Lordship I will comment on it in a
news way and I will put on for the kids
what interests me the most okay depending on
the topics that are, well I will see which one
interests me the most, which one is better or whatever
okay
tomorrow at 11 with Javier Negrn state of
alarm noted the
family well let's go and let's go
somewhere okay let's go and those
of us from here let's go I hope we
go somewhere
[Music]